PR for BXMSDOC-6596: Document introduction of emails in Tasks notifications based on BAPL-1595, BAPL-1684. (#89)
kaldesai/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/processes/configuring-emails-in-task-notification-proc.adoc

[id='configuring-emails-in-task-notification-proc']

= Configuring emails in task notification

> You can directly add any email addresses to send task notification emails to the users and groups.

Reviewer: I would reword this. Prior to the change you could send notifications to users and/or groups. Now with the change you can send notifications to users and/or groups and/or emails addresses

Author: Okay! I will restructure the sentence.

> Earlier it was possible to send notifications only to users or group of users in {CENTRAL}. Now you can directly add any email addresses as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can send email notifications to any user or group of users in {CENTRAL}.
```

.Prerequisites

> You have created a project in {CENTRAL} and it contains at least one business process asset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You have created a project in {CENTRAL}, containing at least one business process asset. 
```

Author: Done

> You have created a project in {CENTRAL} and it contains at least one business process asset.

Author: @LuboTerifaj, Can you please clarify more what exactly you would like to remove?

> You have created a project in {CENTRAL} and it contains at least one business process asset.

Author: @LuboTerifaj, can you please clarify more what exactly you would like to remove?

> You have created a project in {CENTRAL} and it contains at least one business process asset.

Reviewer 3: There is a statement: "it contains at least one business process asset", and I am not sure, what it should say to user. Can you please clarify it to me? There is no at least one business process asset. There is exactly one business process asset and by clicking on it, a new process is created.

.Procedure

. Create a business process.
. In the process designer, select the *Activities* tool from the tool palette.

> . Select *User*.

Reviewer 2: I believe selecting user is not required, we can directly ask the user to drag and drop the user task.

> . Drag and drop a user task onto the process designer canvas.

Author: I clubbed there steps and converted into one step as "**Create a user task**". 
I have also added the cross-reference links for more details about creating a user task. 

I applied the same method for the step "**Create a business process.**" 
This will explain and clarify more. 
Can you please review the same? 
Thank you.

. In the upper-right corner of the screen, click the *Properties* icon.

> . Expand *Implementation/Execution* and next to *Notifications*, click image:getting-started/btn_assign.png[] to open the *Notifications* window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Expand *Implementation/Execution* and click image:getting-started/btn_assign.png[] next to *Notifications*, to open the *Notifications* window.
```

Author: Done.

. Click *Add*.

> . In the *Notifications* window, enter an email address in the *To: email(s)* field to send task notification emails.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Notifications* window, enter an email address in the *To: email(s)* field.
```

Author: Done

> . In the *Notifications* window, enter an email address in the *To: email(s)* field to send task notification emails.

Reviewer 3: "to send task notification emails." here doesn't sound clear. I would change it to something like: "to set the recipients of the task notification emails ...".

Author: Done.

+
You can add multiple email addresses separated by comma.

> . Enter the subject of an email.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Enter the subject and body of the email.
```

> . Enter the body of an email.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> . Click *OK*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click *Ok*.
```

+

> In the *Notifications* window, you can see the newly added email addresses in the *To: email(s)* column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can see the added email addresses in the *To: email(s)* column in the *Notifications* window.
```

> . Click *OK*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click *Ok*.
```
